So congratulations
on making it this far in the course.
Now let's look at the certifications page
to see how far we've gone on our learning journey.
So here I am on the certified CSOPs Administrator
Associate certification page.
And what you can do is that you can scroll down
and as you can see, as of March 28th, 2023,
there is no exam labs until further notice.
So if you have seen somewhere on the internet
that there is an exam lab, this is not the case anymore.
And in case the exam labs do come back,
I will update this lecture
or you can tell me to update this lecture.
Okay, so let's have a look at a few things.
So first of all, let's look at the exam guide
and then in your own time you can have a look
at the sample questions, they're great.
So you have questions
and at the bottom of it you can have a look at the answers
and know why they are or they're not the correct answers.
Now if we look at this exam guide right here,
so this is for the SOA-C02 exam
and is going to validate your ability
to look at workloads from the well architected framework
to perform tasks using the console or the CLI,
to look at logs to have security controls,
apply networking concepts and so on.
So your ideal description is
that you should have at least one year of experience
with deployment management,
networking and security on AWS.
But if you have done the course,
you should have gained this experience,
especially if you practiced in the hands-on alongside me.
So all the knowledge
for general IT is taught in this course.
And then for the recommended risk knowledge of fully,
I do teach you it, but I always get feedback from the
students that they pass the exam
after working and practicing.
So this is perfect.
Just so you know, there are some tests that are scope
for the target candidates such as
distributed architectures doing CI/CD pipelines and so on.
So the exam content is only questions.
Okay, so we have multiple choice and multiple response.
So multiple choice, you have one correct response
out of four answers.
So three or wrong, one is correct,
and multiple responses that you have, two or more correct.
And the exam will ask you
how many answers should be correct.
So say select two or select three.
If you don't reply correctly to the question,
you are not penalized.
So you need to just answer all the questions.
There are no more labs.
You have 50 scored questions and 15 unscored questions,
but you do not know which ones are which
and the exam time is 130 minutes.
So here, just describe the exam labs part
because it's not relevant for now.
And then the result is that you're scored out of
between 100 and 1,000 and the passing score is 720.
Now if you look at the content outline, I invite you
to look at each of the domains
and make sure that you are comfortable
with all these things such as monitoring, reliability,
you have deployments,
security and compliance
and networking and content delivery
and cost and performance optimization.
In the appendix you have the in-scope
AWS services and features.
So this is a very long list
and if there is something
that I don't treat specifically in the course
is because I haven't heard from anyone
that it is actually at the exam.
So the exam guide is always wider than the exam itself.
Of course if something does appear at the exam
and is not dealt with in the course, please reach out to me
and I will make sure to create a lecture on it.
This is how I proceed and it's been very successful so far.
Still you have the in-scope services
and the out of scope services
and hopefully that should give you more confidence.
So I hope you liked it.
I hope you are going to train with the sample questions
and so on for your exam.
But so far if you've practiced alongside me in the course,
you should be quite ready for it.
Alright, that's it. I hope you liked it
and I will see you in the next lecture.